The Problem

 Sysco foods is a multinational company and the largest wholesale food supplier. Many of their customers are restaurants that
 purchase on charge terms. The challenge for companies like Sysco is fairly unique in that most of their products do not come
 with great security—it is difficult to reclaim perishable or used goods. Restaurants are also not always stable businesses,
 which further complicates the problem.Parsa, Rest, Smith, Parsa, and Bujisic (2014) some of the reasons for failure were, 
 “lack of experience, insufficient capital, poor location, poor inventory management, over-investment in fixed assets, poor 
 credit arrangement and poor credit management, personal use of business funds, unexpected growth, competition, and low sales” (p. 82).
 
 Proposed Solution
 
 As a solution to this problem, a proposed consulting application will be built. It is in the best interest for companies like Sysco, 
 which have a large portion for their profits in receivables to see assist restaurant with their business. The application allows the 
 customer to enter weekly financials that will be viewed by a consultant and a member of the credit team. Menu items will also be added 
 that will allow the consultant to see who much it cost to make the product and how much they are charging for it.  This information 
 will be regularly reviewed, and adjustment can be recommended when appropriate.
 
 How it Works
 
 This project is made up of four subsystems: customer, credit, consultant, and admin. The customer can add periodic profit and loss
 information that will be saved to a MySQL database. The information can be viewed by both the credit and the consultant. The customer 
 can also add menu items that will show the cost to make the item and the profit. The items are can be viewed by the assigned consultant.
 The customer also has a message feature that allows the customer to send and recieve messaged to their assigned consultant. The admin
 subsystem was created to mean CRUD requirements for the different user profiles. 


 
